[Music]
he's just a really big character in a
little bird's body
you know he likes cuddles he likes
watching tv he likes listening to the
radio so all of those things
you know big ticks in the let's keep
trying box
[Music]
like most of us getting older he's got
arthritis in the joints which i can
sympathize with
he was really struggling to re-feather
so lots of indications that he wasn't
doing
very well
i don't like to quit just like stumble
so there's got to be another way that we
can try and get
the pressure off his legs
[Music]
the team here has been so excited to see
him in the wheelchair we were like a
formula one team
flopping around him yesterday trying to
get him fixed in his car
you know all of this is done with the
blessing of our vet and you know she's
helping us
manage his pain levels to make sure that
we're not doing anything
that isn't in his best interest
we've got chickens sheep pigs
we've got a run of disabled ducks at the
moment fully blind stuck
partially sighted duck and a duck with
his one of his feet on the wrong way
around
[Music]
i typically love him very much the fact
that he won't quit means that i won't
quit
i won't i won't give up trying to make
his life better
until such time as he's had enough